hello youtubers so today I'm going to
show you my high pop because a lot of
people have me asking me about my poopy
habit and he they asked me by 8,000
calories a day
how much do I poop how many times to go
to the bathroom a day the answers a lot
so I'm trying to shorten the time and
truly try to go to the bathroom a few
occasions as possible so what I do is I
collect my poop until it really has to
come out I'll just I won't go to the
bathroom until the poop is already
coming out of my anus and I'm a sprint
to the bathroom okay I sprint to the
bathroom before right before she drops
on my panties okay because I love
holding my poop is just such a pleasure
I think Freud is right about the anal
stage I think I'm still the anal stage I
find pleasure in holding my poop and
playing my poop play so butter white
what I do is I keep accumulating my poop
until it gets until my large intestines
and and whatever area holds my poop it
can't hold on to anymore so when the
poop tried to come out the tip of the
head of the poop trying to get to
release it down with my anus my name is
very strong is that muscles to shut it
up you know it doesn't so it doesn't
come out but but well sometimes my poop
overcomes my anus so it's kind of like
the body overcoming the mind and the
poop is the body and my anus is the mind
and then when he overcomes it you just
can't hold onto anymore and then that's
when the the tip of that the head of the
poop comes out more than the anus can
close so what that means is that
whenever I try to close my anus on the
poop it just cuts it like cuts a little
tip of it off until you falls into my
panty so that's what's happening right
now in my Pandi I have just tiny a bit
of the poop the typical that just gets
cut off whenever he comes out too much
so I'll show you how I sprint to the
bathroom and how much how less time a
little time it takes me to finish the
whole process because I don't understand
how people can sit in the toilet for
like five hours is read
[Music]
now get your stopwatch is ready big
stuff that's it
[Music]
I don't want to clean my my but to clean
because that takes too much time and
effort and favorite also if you don't
get that okay after you cook what do you
do you continue to do this you telling
it to eat I was eating and I had to poop
and I put my meeting didn't even wash my
hands
I've holding my poop because you really
allowed me to feel human I feel like I'm
more than an animal if I can consciously
hold my poop every single time that my
biology tries to overcome my my mind or
my cube the humanistic aspect of my
consciousness I just shut it off it's
probably the grade is one of the
greatest ways to exercise self-control
gain try it and sometimes when I hold my
poop the tears come out of my eyes I
don't know why it just feels amazing
it's like I'm so touched
like I'm so emotional move by this this
process of not letting my Pokemon I
started crying seriously no joke